Migrate to null-safety and update dependencies (#8)
Nerixyz/instagram_private_api: README.md

This library is heavily influenced by dilame's [instagram-private-api](https://github.com/dilame/instagram-private-api).
The basic structure is very similar to it.

# Table of Contents

- [Installing](#Installing)
- [Getting Started](#Getting_Started)
  - [sample storage model](##sample_storage_model)
  - [sample storage model](##sample_of_hive_model)
- [Document](#Document)

> 

Reviewer: GitHub already has a native ToC, we don't need this section.

# Installing

> this package not published in the pub.dev so for using this, you can import to the `pubspec.yaml` to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package isn't published on pub.dev, to use it, add a git dependency to your `pubspec.yaml`:
```

```yaml
dependencies:
...

  instagram_api:
    git:
      url: https://github.com/omidima/instagram_api.git
      ref: master # publish version branch 
```

# Getting_Started

> when login user to instagram account for login back without using user/pass and use cookie data, you should save
> cookies to file or a database. (** for using database recommended hive database **)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should store the state (cookies, device, authorization...) of the client in a file or a database to avoid having to relogin.
```

> ## sample_storage_model
> > sample of storage class -> storage.dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storage Example
> storage.dart
```

}
```

## sample_of_hive_model
> main.dart
```dart
const String storageName = 'instagram-cookies';

void main() async{
  await Hive.initFlutter();
  await Hive.openBox(storageName);
  runApp(const MyApp());
}
```

> instagram_api.dart
```dart
class ClassName {
  void main() async{
    final username = "username";
    final password = "password";
    
    var storage = Hive.box(storageName);
    if (storage.get(username) != null) {
      final client = InstaClient(
          state: InstaState.fromJson(storage.get(username)));

      final user = client.account.currentUser();
      print('user $user');

    } else {
      final client = InstaClient();

      client.request.httpClient.interceptors.add(ResponseInterceptor(
        client,
        (cookie) {
          storage.put(username, cookie);
        },
      ));
      client.state.init();

      final user = client.account.login(username, password);
      print('user $user');
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: We don't need this section. It's specific to the hive database which we don't depend on.

# Document
for read document and learn more how about use to this package visit here [instagram-private-api](https://github.com/Nerixyz/instagram_private_api).

# More

> for learn more about classes read here. [index class docs](https://github.com/Nerixyz/instagram-private-api/blob/b3351b902b5c186e850cc39c39cb734a370af32d/docs/modules/index.md)

Reviewer: These docs shouldn't be linked since they're for some other library.
